If we look again at our generic
Internet of Things technology stack,
this module largely concerns
the server and client lays.
Looking at our organization chart,
we find that the client and server layers
are the domain of the dev OPS team.
The Dev OPS team manage and
administer solutions for web services
provision and configuration.
Software development agencies contribute
complementary client applications
and usually have a strong focus on
what is often called front end.